Extract thread pool behavior and use in ParallelDownloader (#297)
Backblaze/b2-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> * Introduced a thread worker pool for parallel downloads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduce a common thread worker pool for all parallel downloads
```

Reviewer: If we have sync threads set to 10 and download threads set to 10, how many threads can be used to download things at the same time? 10? No. 19, because N sync threads can occupy the thread pool while M sync threads can just do small and easy single-threaded downloads and while N+M=10, you can also have N=1,M=9 so 10 large file downloads and 9 small file downloads at the same time. This is not what the user wants though. I think small downloads should also be put in that same download threadpool.

Author: Done in 1feddc9cf8802e72fba55bb0b705cced5e9c679d

### Added
* Add support for unverified checksum upload mode

### Fixed
* Fix downloading files with unverified checksum

> 

Reviewer: This empty line should not be here, but the changelog linter should have told you that. I think it's only run in CI while it should also be run in `nox`. Please file a separate issue (or PR) for it.
